docs: add upgrade notes for v1.5.0/1.5.1 to v1.6.0 (#869)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-5-0-to-v1-6-0.md

### 2. The guest cluster cannot be ready after upgrading from v1.5.0/v1.5.1 to v1.6.0

RKE2 Guest Cluster stuck in updating after upgrade harvester from 1.5.1 to 1.6.0-rc6, with the error message `Configuring etcd node(s) rke2-pool1-xdvfc-qf4vb: Node condition MemoryPressure is Unknown. Node condition DiskPressure is Unknown. Node condition PIDPressure is Unknown. Node condition Ready is Unknown, waiting for probes: calico, etcd, kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager`

This issus is caused by the node ip changed after upgrade (which means VM restart many times and VM got new IP from DHCP server) and the etcd cannot work as expected after that.

The workaround stpes are as follows:
1. Delete the error node from guest cluster on rancher.
1. Check the VM status of the node on harvester, if there is restart required show, restart the vm manually
1. The VM of the node will be removed, and the guest cluster will attempt to create new node
1. Wait a moment, once the node creates, the guest cluster recover to `Active` status.

Related issues: [#8950](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8950)

> ### 3. Stopped VM stuck during starting after upgrade harvester from 1.5.1 to 1.6.0-rc6
> 
> There is a [Longhorn issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8904) cause the stopped VM stuck on starting status. This issue will cause the volume flapping between detaching and detached status. The VM cannot start because the corresponding volume cannot be ready.
> 
> The workaround is to clearing `status.currentMigrationNodeID` of longhorn volume with following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Stopped Virtual Machine Stuck in the "Starting" State

A Longhorn volume can flap between the "Detaching" and "Detached" states after a live migration. Because the volume is not ready, the associated virtual machine is unable to fully start.

The workaround is to clear the Longhorn volume's `status.currentMigrationNodeID` using following command:
```
